Hey, Sophia.
That's okay.
So, what happened after the meth test?
I tried to get rid of the answer, but...
Hey, why didn't you take the answer?
Yeah!
You gave me the best in the class.
Some things are just more important.
Like what?
Like being honest.
Come on.
Sophia, if you did take the answers, who would know?
Jehovah.
But why obey God if we can't even see Him?
Well...
Can I show Zoe that Jehovah sees us?
Hmm.
We don't see Jehovah.
But how do you know He's there?
From the Bible.
But Zoe just started learning.
True.
Can you think of something from Jehovah she's already seen?
Creation.
It's the last paragraph here.
God is the one who made all these things.
God made the heavens and the earth.
He made people too.
What are your favorite things that God made?
Well...
I love sunsets.
Fruit.
Playing with my dog.
And my mom.
Ah.
Jehovah made those things because he loves you.
Even though I can't see him,
my favorite things remind me that Jehovah sees me.
And that you always want to listen to him.